So now let's talk
about the AWS Service Quotas.
So the idea is that with AWS, you have limits
and these limits are called quotas.
And sometimes you may hit them.
For example, you may get close
to how many Lambda functions you can run at the same time
and so on.
And you wanna be notified whenever you hit these limits
because they're important limits in your accounts.
For this, you can use the service quota service.
So you can create CloudWatch Alarms directly
on the Service Quotas console and get alerted.
For example, whenever your Lambda concurrent executions
are reaching your quota.
So on top of being alerted
of your limits and whenever you reach them,
you can also request a quota increase directly
from the AWS Service Quotas console
and then you would be able to extend your quotas
or you can decide if you wanted to to shut down resources
because you figure out maybe there's too many things running
and you're not supposed to have these things running.
So to summarize,
the Service Quotas service actually monitors all your quotas
across AWS, and that's a lot of quotas.
You can get alerting out of it from CloudWatch Alarms
and you can request quota increase directly
from the consult.
So that's it.
I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture.